# Python-Programming Assignment
Real Champions Sport Academy System (RCSAS)
------------------------------------
REAL CHAMPIONS SPORT ACADEMY is one of the fast-growing Sport Centre in Malaysia that employed tens of coach to conduct sport classes on Swimming, Badminton, Football, Archery, Gymnastics, Volleyball, Basketball, Cricket, Tennis and Table Tennis in their various Sport Centres. All the coaches are paid by hourly rate ranged from RM100.00 – RM500.00, depends on the sport they give training. Coaches can be rated by the students on their training performance with a scale rating from 1-5, where 1 is “very poor performance” and 5 is “excellent performance”. The Sport Centre needs a system to store information about their coaches (identified by Coach ID, Name, Date Joined, Date Terminated, Hourly Rate, Phone, Address, Sport Centre Code, Sport Center Name, Sport Code, Sport Name, Rating [a single digit integer number ranging from 1 to 5]). To maintain quality and consistency, one coach is allowed to give training on the sport in their specialized sport only.

Sport Centers are located in various locations and each of the Sport Centre is managed by an admin staff. All the sports’ record, coaches’ record and students’ record are managed and maintained by the Sport Centre Head Quarter Human Resources Department. The current filing system of records is by categorizing the coaches by their respective location. i.e. all coaches’ records are filed together in the Sport centre location. In each location, the coach’s records are filed alphabetically by the coach’s name. The main problem with this filing system is when searching for a record, the record could not be easily found as it might have been misplaced in another Sport Centre or the record is not placed in the correct alphabet sequence. This problem proves challenging for the Sport Center admin staff when wanting to retrieve a coaches’ record, sports’ record and students’ record quickly.

On the other hand, students need to register online by exploring system and get information about Sport Center, Sports, Coach, Coach performance with stars, Sport fees, Schedule of Sport, etc.

The admin manager of the Sport Center has decided that it is time to computerize the records of Coaches serving, Sports and students in the Sport Center due to the problems with the manual filling system. Since you have some knowledge in developing a computerized system, the Sport Center HR Manager has approaches you to assist them in developing the system.
